Disambiguation between Integration and Publication (#736)
transparency-dev/tessera: README.md

    
Once an index has been returned, the new data is sequenced, but not necessarily integrated into the log.

> As discussed above in [Integration](#integration) and [Publishing](#publishing),
> sequenced entries will be first _asynchronously_ integrated into the log, and
> then published on the read API by a second _asynchronous_ process. Some
> personalities may need to block until this has been performed, e.g. because they
> will provide the requester with an inclusion proof, which requires integration
> and publication. Such personalities are recommended to use [Synchronous Publication](#synchronous-publication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed above in [Integration](#integration) and [Publishing](#publishing),
sequenced entries will be _asynchronously_ integrated into the log, with a new `checkpoint` committing to these entries being published periodically by another asynchronous process.

Some personalities may need to block until this has been performed, e.g. because they will provide the requester with an inclusion proof, which requires both then integration of the entry and the publication of a new checkpoint to have completed. Such personalities are recommended to use [Synchronous Publication](#synchronous-publication)
```
